I work with her for since
so I did a version of joy is origami so
the idea would be amateurism
to keep my animation and
okay
now for her to like touch the memory hey
ain't Act one you know we in the boards
we have her doing this she can't Richard
she came the closer she gets the the
more delicate and slow she's going to
move that make sense
yeah yeah like sushi does that write it
all logical yeah
you were doing some cool stuff where you
were moving you were moving the eyeballs
individually on those stars yeah I
realize that might be a a nice okay
demonstration of how much control you
have over there right I see if I can get
close to me after that smell close
actually
that's gonna be cool
I was being slowed down I can change
things
yeah so so we we've done the head the
top of the head it's it's in more as the
points are now sticking not jittering
all over the place tomorrow man so that
first breath maybe pull the the a
further back so that she just has a bit
more movement on that so it also gone a
little bit looser on the material on the
top so that follows
okay is that the first time that that's
happened that's what it's supposed to
feel like when she says we'll see with
whether she goes to play the John Taylor
talk oh yeah look at the airplane even
if the end shape ends up slightly
smaller that's bad
it's like that the emotions and then
memories yeah there's something that
we're giving it a shake to and a color
too we have seen before
yeah yeah